Refactor some JsonProviders for use with both logging and access events (#663)
logstash/logstash-logback-encoder: README.md

          <li><tt>time</tt> - for Type 1 time based UUID</li>
          </ul></li>
          <li><tt>ethernet</tt> - Only for 'time' strategy. When defined - MAC address to use for location part of UUID. Set it to <tt>interface</tt> value to use real underlying network interface or to specific values like <tt>00:C0:F0:3D:5B:7C</tt></li>          
        </ul>
	      <p>Note: The <a href="https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.fasterxml.uuid/java-uuid-generator/"><tt>com.fasterxml.uuid:java-uuid-generator</tt></a> optional dependency must be added to applications that use the `uuid` provider.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><tt>version</tt></td>
      <td><p>Logstash JSON format version.</p>
        <ul>
          <li><tt>fieldName</tt> - Output field name (<tt>@version</tt>)</li>
          <li><tt>version</tt> - Output value (<tt>1</tt>)</li>
          <li><tt>writeAsInteger</tt> - Write the version as a integer value (<tt>false</tt> = write as a string value)</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Providers for LoggingEvents

> The table below lists the available providers for _LoggingEvents_, and their configuration properties (defaults in parentheses).
> The provider name is the xml element name to use when configuring.

Reviewer: Mention and provide a link to the common providers section somewhere in this paragraph.

Perhaps:

```suggestion
The [common providers mentioned above](#providers-common-to-loggingevents-and-accessevents), and the providers listed in the table below, are available for _LoggingEvents_.
The provider name is the xml element name to use when configuring.  Each provider's configuration properties are shown, with default configuration values in parenthesis.
```

          <li><tt>fieldName</tt> - Output field name (<tt>tags</tt>)</li>          
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><tt>throwableClassName</tt></td>
      <td><p>(Only if a throwable was logged) Outputs a field that contains the class name of the thrown Throwable.</p>
        <ul>
          <li><tt>fieldName</tt> - Output field name (<tt>throwable_class</tt>)</li>
          <li><tt>useSimpleClassName</tt> - When true, the throwable's simple class name will be used. When false, the fully qualified class name will be used. (<tt>true</tt>)</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><tt>throwableRootCauseClassName</tt></td>
      <td><p>(Only if a throwable was logged) Outputs a field that contains the class name of the root cause of the thrown Throwable.</p>
        <ul>
          <li><tt>fieldName</tt> - Output field name (<tt>throwable_root_cause_class</tt>)</li>
          <li><tt>useSimpleClassName</tt> - When true, the throwable's simple class name will be used. When false, the fully qualified class name will be used. (<tt>true</tt>)</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>  
  </tbody>
</table>

### Providers for AccessEvents  

> The table below lists the available providers for _AccessEvents_, and their configuration properties (defaults in parentheses).
> The provider name is the xml element name to use when configuring.

Reviewer: Mention and provide a link to the common providers section somewhere in this paragraph.

Perhaps:

```suggestion
The [common providers mentioned above](#providers-common-to-loggingevents-and-accessevents), and the providers listed in the table below, are available for _AccessEvents_.
The provider name is the xml element name to use when configuring.  Each provider's configuration properties are shown, with default configuration values in parenthesis.
```
